ansible/roles/ocp-workload-mssql-app/README.adoc, before:

= ToDo App Workload (Node.js + MSSQL + Express)

This is a demo app built with Node.js. It uses MSSQL as backend database. MSSQL Database can be deployed using MSSQL Workload present in the same repo. 

== Purpose

This workload is used as a demo app by Cluster Migration Tool.

=== Deploy ToDo app workload
[source,'bash']
----
ansible-playbook -i "bastion.${GUID}.${BASE_DOMAIN}", ./ansible/configs/ocp-workloads/ocp-workload.yml \
    -e"ansible_ssh_private_key_file=${ANSIBLE_USER_KEY_FILE}" \
    -e"ansible_user=${ANSIBLE_USER}" \
    -e"ocp_username=${OCP_USERNAME}" \
    -e"ocp_workload=ocp-workload-velero" \
    -e"silent=False" \
    -e"guid=${GUID}" \
    -e"ACTION=create" \
    -e"mssql_host_service_name=mssql_host_service_name" \
    -e"mssql_host_service_namespace=mssql_host_service_namespace" \
    -e"mssql_user=mssql_username" \
    -e"mssql_pass=mssql_password" \
    -e"mssql_port=mssql_port" \
    -e"student_userid=${ANSIBLE_USER}" \
    -e @./secret.yaml
----

=== Variables

|===
| Variable | Default Value | Description | Required

| mssql_host_service_name
| -
| MSSQL database host's exposed service name
| Yes

| mssql_host_service_namespace
| - 
| MSSQL database host's namespace
| Yes

| mssql_user
| -
| MSSQL database user name
| Yes

| mssql_pass
| -
| MSSQL database password
| Yes

| mssql_port
| -
| MSSQL database port
| Yes

| mssql_app_image
| quay.io/ocpmigrate/mssql-sample-app:master
| MSSQL app docker image
| No

| mssql_app_service_port
| 32002
| Port for MSSQL App service
| No

| mssql_app_namespace
| mssql-persistent
| Namespace in which app to launch
| No

| mssql_app_name
| mssql-node-app
| Name for MSSQL app resource
| No

| mssql_app_deployment_name
| mssql-app-deployment
| Name for MSSQL app deployment
| No

| mssql_app_service_name
| mssql-app-service
| Name for MSSQL app service
| No

| mssql_app_route_name
| mssql-app-route
| Name for MSSQL app route
| No
|===

=== Usage

The app is launched at `localhost:3000` in the pod. A new route is created to expose the app at an URL.

To get the URL use following command

[source,'bash']
----
oc get route -n ${mssql_app_namespace} ${mssql_app_route_name}
----

Replace two varibles with values you used during workload deployment.

Commit message:

updated mssql configuration to use SQL service endpoint
Signed-off-by: Pranav Gaikwad <pgaikwad@redhat.com>

ansible/roles/ocp-workload-mssql-app/README.adoc, after:

= ToDo App Workload (Node.js + MSSQL + Express)

This is a demo app built with Node.js. It uses MSSQL as backend database. MSSQL Database can be deployed using MSSQL Workload present in the same repo. 

== Purpose

This workload is used as a demo app by Cluster Migration Tool.

=== Deploy ToDo app workload
[source,'bash']
----
ansible-playbook -i "bastion.${GUID}.${BASE_DOMAIN}", ./ansible/configs/ocp-workloads/ocp-workload.yml \
    -e"ansible_ssh_private_key_file=${ANSIBLE_USER_KEY_FILE}" \
    -e"ansible_user=${ANSIBLE_USER}" \
    -e"ocp_username=${OCP_USERNAME}" \
    -e"ocp_workload=ocp-workload-velero" \
    -e"silent=False" \
    -e"guid=${GUID}" \
    -e"ACTION=create" \
    -e"mssql_host_service_name=mssql_host_service_name" \
    -e"mssql_host_service_namespace=mssql_host_service_namespace" \
    -e"mssql_user=mssql_username" \
    -e"mssql_pass=mssql_password" \
    -e"mssql_port=mssql_port" \
    -e"student_userid=${ANSIBLE_USER}" \
    -e @./secret.yaml
----

=== Variables

|===
| Variable | Default Value | Description | Required

| mssql_host_service_url
| -
| MSSQL database host's service endpoint
| Yes

| mssql_user
| -
| MSSQL database user name
| Yes

| mssql_pass
| -
| MSSQL database password
| Yes

| mssql_port
| -
| MSSQL database port
| Yes

| mssql_app_image
| quay.io/ocpmigrate/mssql-sample-app:master
| MSSQL app docker image
| No

| mssql_app_service_port
| 32002
| Port for MSSQL App service
| No

| mssql_app_namespace
| mssql-persistent
| Namespace in which app to launch
| No

| mssql_app_name
| mssql-node-app
| Name for MSSQL app resource
| No

| mssql_app_deployment_name
| mssql-app-deployment
| Name for MSSQL app deployment
| No

| mssql_app_service_name
| mssql-app-service
| Name for MSSQL app service
| No

| mssql_app_route_name
| mssql-app-route
| Name for MSSQL app route
| No
|===

=== Usage

The app is launched at `localhost:3000` in the pod. The app takes 2 minutes to launch.

A new route is created to expose the app at an URL.

To get the URL use following command

[source,'bash']
----
oc get route -n ${mssql_app_namespace} ${mssql_app_route_name}
----

Replace two varibles with values you used during workload deployment.
